the one that adds all the new design token things (#835)
springernature/frontend-toolkits: context/design-tokens/README.md

```bash
npm run tokens:clean-springer
```
To delete all of the generated `scss` files in the `00-tokens` folder from the Springer Nature themes brand context folder, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:clean-springe-rnature
```
To delete all of the generated `scss` files in the `00-tokens` folder from the all of the components, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:clean-components
```
#### Compiling Design Tokens for the Elements themes

To generate the relevant `scss` files for the Elements components from the literal Design Tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:compile-literal
```
To generate the relevant `scss` files for the Elements components from the alias Design Tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:compile-alias
```
When these are run you may need to delete or rebuild the `index.scss` file that `@import`s all of the `scss` files in the folder. This is because the `index.scss` file is not automatically updated when the `scss` files are generated.

To delete any existing `index.scss` files, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:delete-index
```
To generate new `index.scss` files, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:build-index
```
#### Compiling design tokens for the Elements components

> To generate the all `scss` files for the Elements components brand components from the design tokens, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the all `scss` files for Elements components from the design tokens, run:
```

Reviewer: Oh wait - what's the difference between this one and the instruction below? Do we mean brand-specific components here, and global below? Or something else?

```bash
npm run tokens:brand-components
```
To generate the all `scss` files for the Elements components from the design tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:components
```
note: this will override any and all existing `scss` files for the components.

> To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific theme in the Elements from the design tokens, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific brand from the design tokens, run:
```

```bash
npm run tokens:component -- component-name theme
```
#### Generating design tokens documentation `json` files (experimental)

> To generate the `json` files for the Design Tokens documentation for the Elements Design System, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the `json` files for the design tokens documentation for the Elements Design System, run:
```

```bash
npm run tokens:docs
```
#### Generating design tokens `json` for the Figma tokens plugin (experimental)

> Although Springer Nature Digital Design mostly still use Sketch, they have been discussing moving to Figma. Unlike Sketch (currently) it is possible to use a plugin in Figma that would pull in the `json` files created in this script to make sure the design tokens stay in sync between the tool and the HTML code that will be built using them. At this point the Figma script is a proof of concept.

Reviewer: I think we should remove the speculation here because who knows what's happening. 

```suggestion
If you're using Figma, you can use a plugin that pulls in the `json` files created in this script. This keeps design tokens in Figma in sync with the HTML code that will be built using them. At this point the Figma script is a proof of concept.
```

To generate the `json` files for the figma-tokens plugin for Figma, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:figma
```

#### Generating CSS utility classes (experimental)
This currently only generates utility classes for spacing.

To generate the CSS utility classes from the design tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:utilities
```

> ## Design tokens cchema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design tokens schema
```

> ## What Are Design Tokens

Reviewer: Headings should be sentence case, and I suggest we use lower case, not title case, for design tokens throughout our docs. 
```suggestion
## What are design tokens?
```

> Design tokens are the visual design atoms of the design system — specifically, they are named entities that store visual design attributes. We use them in place of hard-coded values (such as hex values for color or pixel values for spacing) in order to maintain a scalable and consistent visual system for UI development.
>
> Salesforce, Lightning Design System

> ## The Design Tokens Workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The design tokens workflow
```

> Make sure you are in the `design-tokens` directory. You will then need to make sure you are using the correct version of node and that all dependencies are installed.

Author: will add 

> the correct version of node (`12.0.0`)

```bash
nvm use
```

```bash
npm install
```
### Design Tokens NPM Scripts

> There are several NPM scripts available that can be run to generate the design tokens.

Author: it's a sentence explaining what is laid out below. Perhaps it's unneeded as the heading could 'do the lifting'?

> #### Deleting existing Design Tokens

Author: do we need to explain why you may need to delete tokens?

> To delete all of the generated `scss` files from the front-end toolkits and the components, run:

Author: added 

> from the `00-tokens` folder 

to make it clearer that you're only deleting design tokens `scss` files

npm run tokens:clean-nature
```
To delete all of the generated `scss` files from the Springer themes brand context folder, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:clean-springer
```
To delete all of the generated `scss` files from the Springer Nature themes brand context folder, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:clean-springe-rnature
```
To delete all of the generated `scss` files from the all of the components, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:clean-components
```
#### Compiling Design Tokens for the front-end toolkits themes

To generate the relevant `scss` files for the front-end toolkits from the literal Design Tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:compile-literal
```
To generate the relevant `scss` files for the front-end toolkits from the alias Design Tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:compile-alias
```
When these are run you may need to delete or rebuild the `index.scss` file that `@import`s all of the `scss` files in the folder. This is because the `index.scss` file is not automatically updated when the `scss` files are generated.

To delete any existing `index.scss` files, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:delete-index
```
To generate new `index.scss` files, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:build-index
```

> #### Compiling Design Tokens for the front-end toolkits components

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we should say "Elements components" here... either way it feels like we should use consistent terminology. Thoughts?

Author: Yes! 💯

Author: I've updated things accordingly

> To generate the all `scss` files for the front-end toolkits brand components from the Design Tokens, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the all `scss` files for the front-end toolkits brand components from the design tokens, run:
```

```bash
npm run tokens:brand-components
```
To generate the all `scss` files for the front-end toolkits components from the Design Tokens, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:components
```
note: this will override any and all existing `scss` files for the components.

> To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific theme the front-end tooolkits from the Design Tokens, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific theme the frontend toolkits from the design tokens, run:
```

> To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific theme the front-end tooolkits from the Design Tokens, run:

Author: > for a specific component for a specific theme in the frontend toolkits..."

> To generate the `scss` file for a specific component for a specific theme the front-end tooolkits from the Design Tokens, run:

Author: I've updated this

```bash
npm run tokens:component -- component-name theme
```
#### Generating Design Tokens documentation `json` files (experimental)

To generate the `json` files for the Design Tokens documentation for the Elements Design System, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:docs
```

> #### Generating Design Tokens `json` for the figma tokens plugin (experimental)

Author: I guess not right now, it doesn't effect what's available and is for simplicity in me not having it in a different branch that I forget about :sob:

> #### Generating Design Tokens `json` for the figma tokens plugin (experimental)

Author: I've updated this with a note.

To generate the `json` files for the figma-tokens plugin for Figma, run:
```bash
npm run tokens:figma
```

> ## Design Tokens Schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Design tokens cchema
```

> The Design Tokens are defined in a `.json` file. The Design Tokens `json` is a set of nested json objects. The main `json` object (`aspect-ratio` in the above example) is the logical group of design properties. The first array of objects (`1x1` in the above example) is the name of the design property. Inside this object is the definition of the design property with all its necessary information, as described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design tokens are defined in a `.json` file. The design tokens `json` is a set of nested json objects. The main `json` object (`aspect-ratio` in the above example) is the logical group of design properties. The first array of objects (`1x1` in the above example) is the name of the design property. Inside this object is the definition of the design property with all its necessary information, as described below:
```

  - **documented:** means that the design token will show up in the tokens documentation
  - **rxperimental:** if the token is part of a trial, user research, and subject to change.
  - **SassVariable:** A Sass variable is generated by SD and the value is shown in the documentation
  - **CSSCustomProperty:** A CSS Custom Property is generated by SD and the value is shown in the documentation.

#### Example

```json
{
    "aspect-ratio": {
        "1x1": {
            "name": "1x1",
            "value": "1",
            "description": "This is to make an item square",
            "type": "ratio",
            "category": "aspect-ratio",
            "themeable": false,
            "meta": {
                "public": true,
                "deprecated": false,
                "documented": true,
                "experimental": false,
                "SassVariable": true,
                "CSSCustomProperty": false
            }
        }
    }
}
```
## Design Token Tiering System

There are three tiers of Design Tokens:

- `literal`: The base set of tokens that are used to build the rest of the tokens.
- `alias`: The set of tokens that are used to build the rest of the tokens.

> - `component`: The set of tokens that are used to build the rest of the tokens.

Author: I've updated this so it makes sense (hopefully)

### Literal Design Tokens

> These are the ‘locked’ tokens, that hold a value that should not change. The literal Design Tokens are defined in the `tokens/literal` folder. The literal Design Tokens are used to create the Alias Design Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the ‘locked’ tokens, that hold a value that should not change. Literal design tokens are defined in the `tokens/literal` folder. The literal design tokens are used to create alias design tokens.
```

> ### Alias Design Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alias design tokens
```

> These are the ‘unlocked’ tokens, that hold a value that can change. The Alias Design Tokens are defined in the `tokens/alias` folder. The Alias Design Tokens are used to create the Component Design Tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the ‘unlocked’ tokens, that hold a value that can change. Alias design tokens are defined in the `tokens/alias` folder. The alias design tokens are used to create the component design tokens.
```

> ### Component Design Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Component design tokens
```

> These are the ‘unlocked’ tokens, that hold a value that can change. The Component Design Tokens are defined in the `tokens/components` folder. The Component Design Tokens are used to create the Component Design Tokens.

Reviewer: The second sentence doesn't make sense to me... is it a mistake?

Author: I've updated this so it makes sense (hopefully)

## Design Token Naming Convention

> With three tiers of Design Tokens, there are three naming conventions for the Design Tokens. These naming conventions include all possible options for the name but they do not all need to be used and will depend on the resulting value of the Design Token to determine which optione are used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With three tiers of Design Tokens, there are three naming conventions for the design tokens. These naming conventions include all possible options for the name but they do not all need to be used. The resulting value of the design token determine which options are used.
```

The naming convention for the Design Tokens is as follows:
### Literal Tokens
The literal tokens are named using the following convention:

`<category>-<property>-<value>`

Where:
- `<category>` is the category of the token (eg: spacing).
- `<property>` is the property of the token (eg: color).
- `<value>` is the value of the token (eg: 2rem).

> The `<category>`, `<property>` and `<value>` are separated by a hyphen (`-`). Depending on the design property you may use either `<category>` or `<prooperty>` or both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<category>`, `<property>` and `<value>` are separated by a hyphen (`-`). Depending on the design property you may use either `<category>` or `<property>` or both.
```

For example, the `color` design property does not have a `<category>` and only has a `<property>` of `color`. The `spacing` design property uses a `<category>` of `spacing` and has no `<property`>.

> ### Alias Tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alias design tokens
```

```
### Design tokens npm scripts

> There are several npm scripts available that can be run to manage the design tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following npm scripts to manage your design tokens.
```
